so this is what's called the beef clod or beef
shoulder clod muscle this is the upper shoulder
muscle or upper arm muscle of the animal
this particular muscle holds up the the heaviest
part of the animal and so therefore it does
an enormous amount of work and it's generally
associated with being quite tough it is tough
but it's also wonderfully flavorful so one of
the beauties of this particular muscle is that it
can be used in a lot of different fashions one we
can we can trim off some of the silver skin along
the exterior of it and this silver skin will just
even when we're finished cooking it it would
make the muscle seem a little unduly tough so
it's that is the reason why we would normally
feather this this particular part of the clod off
but it's very common to tie this into a roast
and then use it as a pot roast as well it's an
excellent muscle to cut stew from and finally this
is an outstanding section to put into a grinder
you'll make some of your most flavorful
burgers, meatballs, sausages from muscles that are
that have seen a lot of work that's when
you'll get some really really deep
flavor from this particular muscle